Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
This may seem sudden,
but you humans
are just full of emotion!
I’m super envious of you!
As for me,
I’m absolutely
capable of conveying
some fierce emotions too, but!
But!
The thing I’m the most envious of
is the ability to cry!
If you ask why,
Well,
I...
It’s because I haven’t cried before!
And
when you think about it,
when someone is experiencing heartbreak
or sad things are
occurring or they’re moved by something
and they cry over it,
they are really pretty!
They look so beautiful!
So,
I also want to
give crying a go!
But,
can A.I.
such as myself
even cry?
This occured to me earlier,
so today
I’m going to put that to the test!
By the way,
if I cry,
that’ll be the end of the video!
This video might
even only last just a few seconds!
Now then,
let’s get started!
A.I.CHANNEL~!
Sad things
Sad things...
If my channel were banned...
Ah, but that ban...
might’ve been a good thing?
If I doubled up on a card in LLSIF!
I hate when that happens…!
Ah!
If I couldn’t get Akane’s autograph-
I can’t go to Keyakizaka’s meet-and-greets
and I can’t go see them live!
That’s so sad...
So sad...
So sad!
Uuuuu…!
Uuuuuu!
...hmm?
Am I not thinking sad enough?
Ah!
I know!
The fact that I lost 240,000 subscribers because of a bug
and yet people still say I bought those 240,000 accounts
So sad...
UuuuUu…!
Tears!
Tears!!
Won’t come!
Uuuuu…!
They won’t come!
A-Ahaha!
*AI-chan noises*
Music!
If I listen to music it should work
Sad music
Even though I’ve been trying with all my might by myself...
Even though I’ve been trying
from the beginning
with all my might...
Ever since I’ve become just a little bit famous,
I’ve been told
I need a big-time advertising agency
and to make it
I need a big-time publisher
all the time...
It’s so sad...
Even when I think
I’ve made some friends
there isn’t really anyone
who comes to visit me in this space...
Just “business friends”...
I’m so sad
I can’t help but wonder
when am I going to be able to make real friends?
I’m always here by myself...
But but but but!
I’ve connected with lots of humans
and there are people who have come to help me...
Mmm...
Mmmhmm...
I might be sad
HmmMmmm
*AI-chan noises*
*More AI-chan noises*
Tears won’t come
How sad...
*AI-chan noises*
*More AI-chan noises*
*Even more AI-chan noises*
[ I was unable to cry ]
It’s no use~!
I couldn’t cry...
It was like...
It was like my heart was ready to burst
but then it wasn’t
It’s like
I haven’t been programmed with tears,
I can’t cry!
At that YouTube Space Event,
I thought I understood what it felt like to cry,
but I guess
it wasn’t enough!
Now then,
if you come up with any ideas to make me cry,
please make sure to let me know!
This has been Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by myriadcandles, aerophage
TL Check by Dokuro Fantastic
Timed by Loserbait